doc: debugging: Document how to use Monitor-mode debugging (#13321)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/test_and_optimize/testing.rst

nRF Debug in the |nRFVSC| automatically loads the Trusted Firmware-M debug symbols.

Non-halting debugging with Cortex-M Debug Monitor
=================================================

In contrast to the default halt-mode debugging, monitor-mode debugging is non-halting as it keeps serving high priority interrupts.
This mode can therefore be used to debug applications where it is required that timing-critical control systems or communication links are kept alive.
Consequently, monitor-mode debugging enhances the debugging experience of Bluetooth applications.

Use the following steps to enable monitor-mode debugging in the |NCS|:

1. In the application configuration file, set the Kconfig options :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CORTEX_M_DEBUG_MONITOR_HOOK` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_SEGGER_DEBUGMON`.
2. Attach the debugger to the application.
3. Enable monitor-mode debugging:

  * For |nRFVSC|, enter `-exec monitor exec SetMonModeDebug=1` in the debug console.

>   * If debugging using Ozone, enter `Exec.Command("SetMonModeDebug = 1");` in the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * For debugging using Ozone, enter ``Exec.Command("SetMonModeDebug = 1");`` in the console.
```

> For more information about monitor-mode debugging, see :ref:`zephyr:debugmon` in the Zephyr documentation or `Monitor-mode Debugging <Monitor-mode Debugging_>`_ at SEGGERs documentation pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about monitor-mode debugging, see Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:debugmon` documentation and SEGGER's `Monitor-mode Debugging <Monitor-mode Debugging_>`_ documentation.
```

nRF Debug in the |nRFVSC| automatically loads the Trusted Firmware-M debug symbols.

Enabling non-halting debugging with Cortex-M Debug Monitor
==========================================================

The debugging process can run in two modes.
The halt-mode stops the CPU when a debug request occurs.
The monitor-mode debugging lets a CPU debug parts of an application while crucial functions continue.

> Unlike halt-mode, the monitor mode is useful for scenarios like PWM motor control or Bluetooth, where halting the entire app is risky.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike the halt mode, the monitor mode is useful for scenarios like PWM motor control or Bluetooth, where halting the entire application is risky.
```
